[Docs] Training & Testing Tutorials (#1331)
open-mmlab/mmocr: docs/en/user_guides/train_test.md

# Training and Testing

To meet diverse requirements, MMOCR supports training and testing models on various devices, including PCs, work stations, computation clusters, etc.

## Single GPU Training and Testing

### Training

`tools/train.py` provides the basic training service. MMOCR recommends using GPUs for model training and testing, but it still enables CPU-Only training and testing. For example, the following commands demonstrate how to train a DBNet model using a single GPU or CPU.

```bash
# Train the specified MMOCR model by calling tools/train.py
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES= python tools/train.py ${CONFIG_FILE} [PY_ARGS]

# Training
# Example 1: Training DBNet with CPU
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=-1 python tools/train.py configs/textdet/dbnet/dbnet_resnet50-dcnv2_fpnc_1200e_icdar2015.py

# Example 2: Specify to train DBNet with gpu:0, specify the working directory as dbnet/, and turn on mixed precision (amp) training
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0 python tools/train.py configs/textdet/dbnet/dbnet_resnet50-dcnv2_fpnc_1200e_icdar2015.py --work-dir dbnet/ --amp
```

```{note}

> If multiple GPUs are available, you can specify a certain GPU, for example, the third one, by setting CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple GPUs are available, you can specify a certain GPU, e.g. the third one, by setting CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=3.
```
